hey everybody and welcome to the Wolfe
pit hey tonight we're gonna make some
barbecue pork fried rice and these are
the the breast bone trimmings the
did from the st. Louis ribs over the
weekend and so pull them out out of the
freezer and I'm go ahead and just pull
all this meat off here and use this
since they're all having a char siew to
make the pork fried rice with but this
is actually probably a pretty good
substitution okay we're ready to go
ahead and get our fried rice going so we
have a hot a medium hot wok here over
medium-high heat we're gonna add about
two tablespoons of oil in here and go
ahead and start off scrambling three
eggs one egg per cup of rice we use the
three cups rice and that's just my
rolling a scramble I think I mentioned
it before but the whole point in
scrambled eggs
prior to fry the rice is that way the
eggs don't clump around your rice make
big balls of rice and your your fried
rice so we're gonna go ahead and remove
these from the wok all right now we're
gonna go ahead and add a little bit more
oil about another tablespoon or two mu
naught 2 tablespoons there alright once
our oils heated up we're gonna go ahead
and add in one large yellow onion you
don't have to use this much onion but I
like a lot of onion in my fried rice I
know gonna head in for clothes rub the
chopped garlic
knowing that in our barbecue pork
stir-fry this just to beat the pork back
through all right now we're gonna add in
three types of cook right turn at Brad
and the rice we're gonna add about
teaspoon maybe two teaspoons of sesame
oil more or less how much you like we're
gonna add about two tablespoons of soy
sauce again this is all preference
there's no correct recipe for this
all right we're gonna add two cups of
frozen lakes vegetables peas carrots and
corn and green beans
all right after the rice stir-fry for a
few minutes we're going to go ahead and
add our eggs back in
all right barbecue pork fried rice is
done let's get to see one get a little
close up here real quick looks almost
good him up deep doesn't it dig into
this with a spoon I'm not gonna
embarrass myself in with chopsticks in
front of you guys try the rice so let's
get in here in the middle and let's see
we got there got a little pork carrot
peas rice let's give this a try see how
it turns out hmm
you immediately taste the smokiness from
the pork and then the sesame oil look at
that pork looks kind of just like char
siew doesn't it mmm let's get some egg
on this one
delicious Wow sometimes I think I'm
agent take one more bite here absolutely
perfect well and I forgot to mention to
the rice I used I cooked it early this
morning so let's sit on stove all day
and you don't want to cook rice right
immediately when you're ready to make
fried rice you either won't do it day
before or a little bit in time advance
so have fun dry out and separate a
little bit and as you can see this is
not sticky at all not clumpy eggs
releasing this everything's loose it's
delicious great flavor well thank you
guys very much for watching and we'll
see you next time